What wouldn't you do to save someone you love?

When They Come Calling is a modern ghost story, a suspenseful weaving of urban battles, romance, and supernatural intrigue.

Anna is a physician from Kansas City. She’s spent her life giving and caring to others while trying to hide how different she is. Anna has lost everyone she’s ever loved: her relationships, her family, and her hope for something more.

Jed is a warrior from another era, haunted by the horrors of a brutal family feud three thousand years in the making, and inspired by his own secret quest. Relentless and driven, Jed’s determination radiates to everyone around him.

What happens when they meet will keep you turning the pages.

Author Sarah Fleming Mountford started with a short ghost story. Over years and through personal trials, she added to it and shaped it, until it was the story she always wanted to write. We are excited to present that story to you, and your pre-order pledges will help cover the costs to edit and publish her debut.

“I love the process through which a story reveals itself. It can be a simultaneously maddening and exhilarating enterprise, ending in the joy of creating something beautiful.” – Sarah Fleming Mountford

When They Come Calling doesn't rely on paranormal hooks: it’s not werewolves, vampires, zombies, or nymphomaniacs engaged in magic or erotic adventures, but instead a classic tale of love and suspense; a modernized ghost story of two lost souls, drawn together until fate tears them apart.

Pre-order a copy through our Kickstarter, and you’ll receive a first edition of this modern day ghost story. Put on your slippers, forget your life for a few hours, and join Anna and Jed on their breathtaking adventure.

About the Author

Sarah Fleming Mountford is a native of Kansas City, proud to have lived on both sides of State Line Road. Although When They Come Calling is Sarah's debut novel, she is a published expert in the field of radiology business management. As exciting as the impact of insurance exchanges might be on the field of radiology, we thought a ghost story would be a better fit for our backers. She is also a reluctant soccer mom, rescue dog owner, and avid hiker. Follow her on Facebook and/or check out her profile on our website.

You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with

sound 00:00 00:00

About Atthis Arts

Atthis Arts, LLC

Atthis Arts, LLC is the proud publisher of When They Come Calling by debut author Sarah Fleming Mountford.

We are an independent publisher that follows the Partnership Publishing model. Unlike traditional publishers, Atthis Arts strives to keep as much of the creative control in our author’s hands to produce the story that the author wants to tell, not necessarily what the publisher believes will best sell. Our model uses crowdfunding to market and pre-sell titles in order to raise the funds necessary to produce a quality book.

You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with

sound 00:00 00:00

Where will the funding go?

The base funding will allow us to produce a professional book. There are three areas that the minimum funding will go towards to ensure we create a quality product::

Paper/Printing/Binding -- Known simply as PPB in the publishing business, this is the physical construction of the printed books.

Editing -- Sarah has a great story for you that has already been through some editing. Getting an external editor to provide developmental / line editing will ensure this wonderful story turns into a great book!

Author Royalty -- As a partnership publisher, we believe in compensating authors fairly for their hard work. We are not a "vanity press" and will never require authors to pay to publish with us or give us their works for free hoping for success.

Stretch Goals?

We don't want to get ahead of ourselves just yet. Even after the base funding goal is achieved, we'd like to be able to invest in additional editing and cover design. But we promise, there will be room for stretch goals.

So here are the first two:

$3000 -- Every backer of a physical book will receive a backers-only bookmark that includes a printed thanks to all of our backers. (this extra funding will allow us an additional round of editing)

$3500 -- Every backer will be able to send a free gift copy of the ebook to a friend. (at this level of funding, we will be able to get a higher quality cover designed)

$???? -- As we reach these first two stretch goals, additional goals will be announced.<|endoftext|>Close

A new study found having over 300 'friends' on Facebook causes stress in teenagers. But there's a good side to the story. The same team found that supporting friends in the form of likes and supportive comments decreases their cortisol levels.

Led by Professor Sonia Lupien, researchers from the Institut universitaire en santé mentale de Montréal and the University of Montreal conducted a study which involved 88 teenagers aged 12 to 17 years old. The teenagers answered a questionnaire detailing their Facebook activities. The data involved their frequency of usage, number of Facebook friends, level of self-promoting behavior and level of encouraging behavior they extend to friends in social media.

The researchers also analyzed their cortisol levels four times daily in a span of three days. The team stressed that the cortisol levels were not entirely dependent on their social media usage. After factoring in external factors, the researchers assessed that the remote effect of the popular social media site on the stress hormone cortisol is approximately eight percent. Findings showed that adolescents with over 300 Facebook friends have higher stress levels.

"We can therefore imagine that those who have 1,000 or 2,000 friends on Facebook may be subjected to even greater stress," said Lupien.

The team also found there is a decrease in cortisol levels among teens who use the site with an encouraging or positive behavior manifested in the form of sending positive comments and message and hitting the like button.

At the time of Lupien's study, the researchers did not measure the teenager's risks in developing depression. Past studies have shown that young adults with high cortisol levels do not manifest symptoms of onset depression immediately and could take as long as 11 years. The researchers wrote the study will serve as preliminary proof that social media behaviors have links with daytime cortisol concentrations among teenagers.

The findings followed a separate study conducted by scientists in Denmark who found participant's happiness level increased after a week-long Facebook retreat. Lupien and team's findings were released in the Psychoneuroendocrinology journal, the official journal of the International Society of Psychoneuroendocrinology.

Photo: Pabak Sarkar | Flickr

TAG Facebook, teenagers, Stress, Depression

ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.<|endoftext|>Google’s Pixel is no doubt a hit, with some models still out of stock a couple of months after launch. An analysis by Morgan Stanley gives us an even more detailed picture about just how well the phone is doing and what it may mean for Google’s place in the smartphone market.

According to the report, Google’s on track to sell three million phones with revenues around $2 billion. The biggest moneymaker is of course the 128GB Pixel XL, with a gross profit margin of 25 percent. The cheapest phone, the 32GB Pixel, comes in at 22 percent.

It’s good news for Google, though it still pales in comparison to Apple’s $28 billion in revenue it made from selling 45.5 million iPhones in the last quarter of this year alone. Also, Samsung’s Galaxy S7 Edge has spent most of the year as the top-selling Android phone. No doubt we’ll soon see a Galaxy S8 in a few months as Samsung tries to rebound from the Note7 disaster.

Morgan Stanley also notes that Google’s profit estimate of $3.8 billion for the Pixel in 2017 is also derived from continuing to make money off the phone itself. The Google Play Store and deep integration of Google services will lead to additional opportunities to rake in the cash.

As for getting your hands on one now, some Pixel models are still hard to come by. The Pixel XL is currently sold on on the Google Store, while some Verizon customers are continuing to have shipping delays with their XL preorders.

Why this matters: Google’s initiative to compete directly in the smartphone business is definitely paying off. The Apple-like integration of hardware and software is the right approach for a company that is betting heavily on its services being a critical component of your digital life. Further success for the Pixel, however, hinge upon getting the phone into other carrier stores. Currently Verizon is the only carrier to directly sell the Pixel.

This story, "Report: Google on pace to sell 3 million Pixels by the end of the year" was originally published by Greenbot .<|endoftext|>Bill Morneau doesn’t seem to understand that the issue isn’t what he’s going to do now. No, the question is why he did what he did in the first place.

And not only did Morneau not really answer the question, he even seemed somewhat indignant that he had to answer to the public in the first place.

On Thursday the embattled finance minister announced he’d be putting all of his assets into a blind trust and eventually divesting all of his shares in the family firm Morneau Shepell to show he’s “completely free of conflict.”

There was certainly the appearance of a conflict, or at least the appearance of a risk of conflict, to have someone in such a powerful post hold millions of dollars in a company that stands to gain from decisions made by said person.

And we’re not even talking theoretical, either. The NDP wants the ethics commissioner to look into Morneau’s support of a bill that broadens the plans pension companies can offer. Morneau Shepell would be a prime candidate to benefit from such a law.

Now the new business arrangement Morneau presented to Canadians seems like a good one. Not that he came up with it himself. It is, after all, what Section 27 of the Conflict of Interest Act lays out — that cabinet ministers and other prominent persons on the Hill either sell their shares or go into a blind trust. It’s what he should have done from the beginning.

Morneau even gave media and his company the impression, back in 2015, that this is exactly what he was going to do from the beginning. But along the way it seems that he, or one of his representatives, paused and looked around to see if there was any possible way he could keep the shares on hand. How else did he come up with the idea to do what he eventually did: take the shares out of his name and into a corporation that he controlled?

That meant he held the shares “indirectly”, which ethics commissioner Mary Dawson apparently confirmed to him did not violate the Act. However she made clear that she did not specifically counsel that he take this course of action. Far from it, as Dawson had told the government back in 2013 that this was a loophole that should be closed (and never was). So while it didn’t violate the letter of the law, it darn well violated the spirit of the law.

It seems Morneau’s priority wasn’t following Section 27. It was finding some creative way to keep his shares while not breaking that section.

Some observers thought Morneau was going to resign Thursday. Far from it. He said he had “naively” thought consulting with the ethics commissioner was enough. He talked about how the public and press were “getting distracted about my personal situation,” as if people’s genuine concerns were a trifle and a waste of his time.

It was disappointing to see this tone from a minister who had previously behaved in a manner above reproach.

One almost wants to join the pile-on calling for Morneau’s resignation, were it not for the fact that there’s no obvious alternative in the Liberal caucus with sufficient experience to take his place. Canadians are now stuck with the devil they know.

afurey@postmedia.com<|endoftext|>The European Court of Justice has delivered a major blow to government mass surveillance and data retention practices by a ruling that upholds basic privacy rights and safeguards access to EU citizens’ online data communications.

The ECJ has ruled that indiscriminate storage of private citizens’ communications data is in breach of EU law.

Common Dreams reports:

The European Union’s highest court on Wednesday issued a landmark ruling against mass surveillance in a judgment that challenges key portions of the U.K.’s so-called “Snooper’s charter,” a sweeping surveillance bill that was set to become law by the end of the year.

The decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU), which directly calls into question both the British law and a similar bill in Sweden, finds that indiscriminate storing of private citizens’ communications data is illegal under EU law.

The court’s ruling finds that data retention is only allowable when government agencies are investigating a “serious crime,” such as terrorism.

The “general and indiscriminate retention” of emails allowed by the the “Investigatory Powers Act,” or Snooper’s charter, is therefore illegal, the Guardian reports.

“Today’s judgment is a major blow against mass surveillance and an important day for privacy,” said Camilla Graham Wood, legal officer with the rights organization Privacy International. “It makes clear that blanket and indiscriminate retention of our digital histories — who we interact with, when and how and where — can be a very intrusive form of surveillance that needs strict safeguards against abuse and mission creep. Unfortunately, those safeguards are not present in the Investigatory Powers Act, which is why it’s a Snooper’s Charter.”

The Guardian notes:

The finding came in response to a legal challenge initially brought by the Brexit secretary, David Davis, when he was a backbench MP, and Tom Watson, Labour’s deputy leader, over the legality of GCHQ’s bulk interception of call records and online messages.

Davis and Watson, who were supported by Liberty, the Law Society, the Open Rights Group and Privacy International, had already won a high court victory on the issue, but the government appealed and the case was referred by appeal judges to the [CJEU]. The case will now return to the court of appeal to be resolved in terms of U.K. legislation.

The long-awaited judgment “raises significant questions about whether vast swathes of the [Snooper’s charter] should now be repealed,” observes Privacy International.

The advocacy group summarizes the key portions called into question by the decision:

In particular, the judgment raises concerns about the viability of the mandatory communications data retention powers (Part 4 of the Investigatory Powers Act), which are carried over from DRIPA. Under the new Act, communications data — which includes the who, when and where of our telephone calls, emails and instant messages — can be subject to a retention order for up to 12 months for reasons that go far beyond what is strictly necessary for fighting serious crime.

The judgment also demands a rethink of the government’s significant expansion of data retention powers to so-called ‘Internet Connection Records’, which could include the retention of browsing histories for the past 12 months.

The judgment may also mean that the U.K. government is forced to increase safeguards, such as judicial authorization and notification, for data that it keeps about us. These were shown to be lacking in DRIPA. The judgment could mean that the government will need to introduce new safeguards for accessing communications data (including Internet Connection Records) and other intrusive powers contained within the new law.

“In addition to rejecting generalized retention and narrowing down access to serious crime with independent authorization, the CJEU has further established that as a rule only the data of people suspected of direct involvement in […] crimes can be accessed,” observes the U.K.-based Open Rights Group. “Accessing other people’s data must be an exception and also based on specific evidence of how this may help investigations.”

Wood added: “The court has rightly recognized that our communications data is no less sensitive than the content of our communications. This is something that the U.K. government has willfully ignored, allowing a large number of public bodies to access our personal data without a warrant. The government must now urgently fix the Investigatory Powers Act, so that access to our data is properly authorized.”<|endoftext|>An ISIS operative arrested and criminally charged in Ohio this month has confirmed that the terrorist group has cells in Mexico, according to federal authorities. Judicial Watch has reported this for years, documenting it in a series of articles as part of an ongoing investigation on the connection between drug cartels, corruption and terrorism on the southern border. In fact, last spring Judicial Watch broke a story about an ISIS camp just a few miles from El Paso, Texas in an area known as “Anapra” situated just west of Ciudad Juárez in the Mexican state of Chihuahua.
